RN Drive 5.2.9 (#1941)
nuxeo/doc.nuxeo.com-content: src/client-apps/nuxeo-drive/nuxeo-drive-release-notes.md

toc: true
---

Welcome to the Release Notes for **Nuxeo Drive 5.2.9**

**Status**: <font color="#ff0000">**Beta**</font> </br>
<i class="fa fa-long-arrow-right" aria-hidden="true"></i> [Changelog](https://github.com/nuxeo/nuxeo-drive/blob/master/docs/changes/5.2.9.md)

## General

### Fix Drive Announcement on Boot

> We fixed a regression from Nuxeo Drive 5.2.8, displaying the update popup everytime Drive was open.

Author: ```suggestion
We fixed a regression from Nuxeo Drive 5.2.8, displaying the update popup every time Drive was open.
```
